three missiles three missiles while they
were lining up near a water well those are
civilians who were thirsty and just wanted
to get their hands on some water it is yet
another crime committed by the Israeli
forces as people were gathering around
a water source in the talini area trying
to get some water for their families the
Israeli jet fighters launched missiles at
them dozens were killed and more injured
we were just filling some jars
with clean water the Israeli
Plains fired missiles on us many
were killed Torn to Pieces oh my
God my father was killed he was everything
to me I am a doctor and my father spent
a fortune for me to become a doctor
he died in front of my eyes and I'm
standing helpless who is responsible
for this what wrong did he do he was
a man of God Pious and benevolent taking
care of all in need he was filling a jar
with water nothing more he did not do anything
wrong what can we do now may God punish those
responsible oh dear God where do
we go where do we run to we're to
run for our lives do something for these
victims please for God's sake save them
dozens of dead bodies and more of the
injured were brought to the Baptist
Hospital the already short staffed
medical workers here are struggling
the Israeli forces continue to not only
besiege the area but also launch attacks
against civilians Al make sure to subscribe
to our channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer